well we have a problem in ER it's called
the hole oh by the way mr. P oh yes I'll
say hi huh
anyway I like my minor Jesus no I
have little surprise euthanize kitchen
Annie
can we get breakfast and gonna make Hey
what why there's a hole in the wall that
mom made me I remember that day
and now there's rodents in the kitchen
wait seriously I got it neither
breakfast early
oh hello sunshine beautiful day just
look out the width I mean ho oh good
morning neighbors Jules want some can't
go into the mall no don't touch it
in my kitchen
Eddie bather and tomato juice um come on
let's get you in the tub
no no way yeah you stink whoa
this girl is freakishly like my sister
what's that smell I don't know who cares
wait maybe I do care all right get in no
I'm not bathing in tomato filth
what if I give you three popsicles okay
hmm that was disgusting somebody could
have told me that skunks in castle 1 hey
sorry I'm late
hey Eddie so what'd I miss oh I was just
gonna tell them how creative mom that's
that lingering putrid smell I'm out of
here I'm n I'll do it myself
so our room gets really creative with
covering up that hole hello things are a
little hallway
no more rodents in my house ah I'm beast
way girls comments my handiwork
nice job mom oh look I still see
neighbor Joe
so Extreme Makeover Home Edition and
please come fix our house it's really
annoying we really want our privacy back
remember that time where somebody came
up to our whole slash dresser and asked
for a hamburger oh yeah that was weird
you don't even live next to a McDonald's
I know please please please come fix our
house it would really but you how are we
done with this interview yet yes we are
done yay hey you said that envelope that
we fix your place yeppers oh cool I'm
going downstairs for breakfast that's
true came down for breakfast I am it's
kind of like oh I want to see this this
hole is turning out to be fabulous ego
honey boo boo child the clock it's
getting wet in here not me goodness that
camera my hair my ties
stay tuned for more q99 ba after the
credit I can't believe it I was on TV my
next film should be on Broadway
mom films aren't on Broadway Oh anti is
just adorable oh and his hair oh my gosh
mom Kanani don't you think he's cute
no mom cuz i have a life